[THEME MUSIC]
>>Hello.
This is Michael Tellinger.
And our journey of
discovery continues
as we find ways to
provide solutions
for this crazy, insane
world we find ourselves in.
We're talking about Ubuntu
and contributionism,
a whole new social structure
that provides us with a utopian
world, a world we've all dreamt
of at some stage or another.
We left off, in
the last episode,
talking about banks
and central banks,
where money comes
from, how money
is created by the global
banking elite, how
it's used against us as
a tool of enslavement.
We've discussed how a people's
bank can liberate us virtually
overnight from the stranglehold
of private, central banks.
And now we move
on, just exposing
some of the additional
darker sides
and the control methodology
that's been used over millennia
and specifically the last
few hundred years, where
this draconian
control of humanity
has just become worse and worse.
Once again, I'd
like to remind you,
this is just a foundation and
a revision of this information
to allow us the platform or give
us the platform from which we
launch the solutions,
and how easy
it is to go from this
enslavement system
to the liberation system called
Ubuntu and contributionism.
Remember that the central
banks control our governments.
It does not work the
other way around.
Governments have no say or
control over central banks.
They operate outside
of the system, outside
of the legal system.
They're an entity on their own.
They are untouchable.
You cannot take
the Fed to court.
It's not gonna happen,
never gonna happen.
I tried to take the
South African Reserve
Bank to the Supreme Court
and to the Constitutional
Court in South Africa.
The Constitutional
Court threw it out,
saying I had no
prospect of success.
How could they
possibly know that I
had no prospect of success?
So some of these things
that I share with you
comes from my own journey of
discovery and my own experience
going to the Supreme
Court of Johannesburg
and then attempting to
go to the Constitutional
Court against the
banks to expose
their crimes against humanity.
Obviously, I was not
successful, because guess
what, they don't only
control the governments,
but they also control
the judiciary.
They control the judges,
they control the judiciary.
And the banking families
control the entire system.
They plan and
control the economy.
They dictate the economic
policies to our governments.
When the minister of
finance stands up every year
and he reads the budget,
the annual budget speech,
it's not his budget
speech, it's a speech
that's been prepared for
him by the central bank.
And their plan of
action, and how
they're going to
manipulate and control
the people of the country.
So this is how the system
has been structured.
Most of us are acutely
unaware of this.
So hopefully, this
will start giving you,
if you're new to this, a deeper
foundation and understanding
how corrupt the system
is, how corrupt it's
been for a long time.
The other thing that these
central banking families do
is they test the market
every now and then.
And two of the great examples
of testing the market
to see how people
would respond, see
what people will do if they
pull something really nasty.
And they choose little places
like Cyprus and Iceland.
These are two great
examples of how
they've manipulated
the money system
and tested what would happen.
In 2013, Cyprus was a great
experiment, where they simply
shut down everybody's
bank account,
and they kept everybody's money.
I mean, think
about what this is.
This is a crime of the century.
These bankers have simply
stolen everybody's money.
I know of an individual that had
11 million pounds in his bank
account in Cyprus.
When he woke up, he had nothing.
Nobody was prosecuted,
nobody went to court,
no banker ever
saw any jail time.
They committed a
crime of the century
and got away with it scot-free?
How is this possible?
This is a clear indication
that the bankers
operate above the law.
They will never,
ever see justice,
because they create the
systems that dishes out
the justice, the unlawful
justice that is imposed on us,
the living, breathing
human beings.
Remember, the legal
system, it's got nothing
to do with human rights.
It's got nothing to
do with natural law.
It's got everything to do
with juristic principle.
And their legal system
has been imposed on us.
It is an inhumane system.
Millions and millions
of pages of acts,
and laws, and policies
have got nothing
to do with human rights.
Remember that corporations
have more rights than living,
breathing human beings.
This is a harsh realization
that we need to undo as well.
And the good thing
is-- the good news
is we are doing it already.
I want to remind you that
our journey of emancipation,
our journey to liberty from
this draconian enslavement money
system has already begun.
We already are on this journey.
We don't have to
start this journey.
Many of us have been on this
journey for a long, long time.
And more people are joining
this journey on a daily basis.
And it is a journey
of 1,000 miles.
It begins with a first step.
We have started this
journey a long time ago.
So join this journey and see
how quickly we can get ourselves
out of the slavery system.
Education is one of the
most important cornerstones
of the control system
and the money system.
Remember, who provides
the textbooks?
Who sets the syllabus?
Who pays the research that then
gets put into the textbook that
then gets given to the students
at school and at university?
All of this comes from
research facilities,
from institutions that
are funded by the bankers.
Money controls the
education system.
The current education
system we have
was maliciously and
meticulously put together
by the Carnegie and the
Rockefeller families
more than 150 years ago.
They started putting
this together already.
Well, from about 120 years ago,
they've been planning this.
And we are now the apex of
their planned, imposed education
system.
It's an indoctrination,
manipulation, dumbing down
system, a slavery prison
system for young minds.
It's got nothing to do with
teaching us valuable knowledge,
and information, and skills for
life that'll benefit humanity.
It's all about a
tool of manipulation.
It destroys our ability
to think for ourselves.
And it's also a great place to
hide knowledge and information.
Remember, all the discoveries
made by great minds
and inventors-- if
these discoveries
are made by people
at university,
that information belongs
to the university.
You can't take it out and
release it to the world.
And therefore, the cures for
disease, great inventions
in science and technology,
free energy, free electricity,
alternative transportation
systems, cars
that run on water, or air,
or old magnetic fields,
all these discoveries that
are being made at universities
are kept there.
They're never shared
with the world.
And this is what
corporations do.
They close their information,
they shut it down,
compartmentalize
it, and they hide it
from the rest of the world.
This is the world of capitalism.
This is the world of competition
and the corporate structure.
We are going to turn
that around by making
a world of collaboration,
and sharing, and cooperation,
where these discoveries,
this knowledge,
and these breakthroughs
are shared
with everybody in the
world, because it's not
about the money.
It's about the
prosperity of humanity.
The main objective of our
current education system
is to create a future
obedient labor force.
Think about this.
When you come out of
school, what can you do?
We know nothing.
We are ignorant,
little, young adults
that have spent 12 years of
our lives being brainwashed
and manipulated.
And all it is-- all
we leave school with
is a piece of paper,
a certificate, just
like our birth certificate.
It takes control of us.
And with a certificate,
what do we do?
We go looking for a job.
Once again, we get back
to the slavery system.
A job is a slave.
And we somehow
believe that we're
entitled to a job, because we
got this fancy piece of paper
in our hand.
So that's what this is
all about is creating
a future obedient labor
force that keeps the money
system rolling and growing.
In a controlled
money system where
you keep enslaving
more and more people,
you have to keep expanding
the money system.
Otherwise, it suffocates itself.
It cannot continue.
So it constantly has to expand.
And this is why we
have this thing called
inflation and growth.
This is all part of the
manipulative structure
of the private central banks.
Remember that all our
countries are corporations.
Just like you get a certificate
when you leave university
and when you leave school, guess
what happens when you are born?
Your parents are given
a birth certificate.
What does that mean?
A birth certificate
means that you
are the property of something.
You're the property
of your government,
you're a property of somebody
that's taking control of you.
Well, who is it that's
taken control of us,
of our babies when
they are born?
They get given these
pieces of paper that
make them belong to someone.
Who do we belong to?
We belong to our governments
that are corporations.
And this is a big aha moment.
All of our countries around
the world are corporations.
One of the great examples is if
you go on to the US Securities
and Exchange, you'll see a
list of all the corporations
that are listed there.
And you'll start seeing
the names of countries,
the names of states, and
provinces, and cities.
Everything in our lives and our
reality has been incorporated.
And this is why.
We, as living, breathing
human beings, have no rights.
All the rights belong
to the corporations
that use us as their slaves.
Our birth certificates are being
traded on global stock markets.
We are not even aware of this.
And we, as living,
breathing human beings,
have to identify ourselves
with identification documents,
with passports, and
driver's licenses
when we are the actual
blood, and sweat, and tears,
and the energy, and the body
that makes up the living,
breathing human being.
We have to produce an
identification document that
says, I am who I am.
Can you see how insane this is?
And this is the slavery system
that's been imposed on us.
But now that the cat
is out of the bag,
now that we know what's
going on, we can change this.
And we are changing
it as we speak.
Here's an example of another
registry for corporations,
Dun & Bradstreet.
And here, I found the
registration for Cape Town.
The city of Cape Town also
trading under other names.
And when you start
doing your own research,
you'll see how corrupt
this entire system is.
It is quite spectacular.
In the Constitution
of South Africa,
the famous constitution
that was drafted
after the release of
Nelson Mandela from prison,
and of which most South Africans
are very, very proud of,
the deception is
in the preamble.
And I use this because it's
such a spectacular example
of the deception that is written
into the first statement,
the first opening phrase
of our very so-called
progressive constitution.
And it draws the distinction
between a place called
South Africa and the Republic
of South Africa, which
are two different things.
The Republic of South Africa
is a corporation traded
on the global stock markets.
South Africa is
the land occupied
by the people who live in the
land called South Africa who
think this is their country.
However, they're
controlled by the Republic,
which is the corporation.
So if you look at
the Constitution
of South Africa as an
example, what does it say?
It says the Constitution
of the Republic
of South Africa, not the
Constitution of South Africa.
So it is a constitution
of a corporation.
So as we read the preamble
to the Constitution of South
Africa, we see how
they twist the words,
how they lie, and
catch us, and trap us
with their lies and
slight twists of words,
because it's a constitution of
the Republic of South Africa.
And it says to us the following.
"We, the people of South
Africa, recognize the injustices
of our past.
We honor those who suffered
for justice and freedom
in our land."
And see, they trap us with
all this emotional BS for us
to believe, oh, yes, of course,
we've all suffered and gone
through all this.
And now finally, we have freedom
and liberty, which is not
the case, as you know by now.
"We respect those who
have worked, and built,
and developed our
country, and believe
that South Africa belongs to
all those who live in it."
It tells us that we
believe, we think
that the country belongs to us.
But it doesn't.
It belongs to the republic.
It belongs to the
corporation called
The Republic of South
Africa and those who own it,
which are the bankers that run
the South African Reserve Bank.
And so the lies and
deceptions go on.
So let's look at the
needs of the people.
What do people need?
We need love, we need water,
food, shelter, tables, chairs,
cameras, studios,
musical instruments.
We need gardens,
we need trees, we
need anything you can imagine--
tables, chairs, forks, knives,
clothes, whatever
we need to make
our lives beautiful
and enjoyable.
We don't need money.
Money does not make the world
go around, as we've been told.
Money has nothing to do with it.
People make the world go round.
Money does nothing.
People do everything.
We plant the seeds.
We grow the food.
We develop the technology.
We are capable of infinite love.
We paint and develop the
most beautiful works of art.
Money does nothing.
It keeps getting in the way of
people fulfilling their lives'
dreams, doing what
they born with,
expressing their
God-given talents
and their gifts with
which we are born.
Money keeps getting in
the way and preventing us
from achieving what we'd
like to achieve in our lives.
So what are we going
to do about this?
Before we get there, I'd like
to tell you a little story
about the magic $100 bill.
I love this story
because it just
shows us how completely insane
this concept of money is.
So there's this
traveling salesman,
and he comes into a little town.
And he goes to the hotel, and he
walks up to the hotel manager.
And he says, hi,
I'm in town, and I
need to get a room
for the weekend,
but I'm very particular
about the place I stay.
So can I have a
look at your room?
The hotel manager
says, of course, just
need $100 here as a
deposit, and here's the key.
Go upstairs, take your
time, check the room out.
So the traveling
salesman goes upstairs.
He disappears to check the
room out, at which point
the hotel manager
picks up the $100 bill.
And he notices the
butcher across the road,
and he says, oh, I owed
John from the butcher
$100 for last week's catering
for the function we had here.
So he goes across the
road, and he says,
hi, John, here's the
$100 that I owe you
for the function for the meat
you supplied us last week.
And John says, thanks very much.
And he puts the money down next
to the till, at which point
the plumber walks
into the butchery
to buy his meat supply.
And he says, hi,
John, how's it going?
And the butcher looks
up, and he says,
hey, Bill, how's it going, man?
Oh, by the way, I
owe you some money
for fixing the plumbing
and the freezer last week.
So how much do I owe you?
And the guy said,
well, you owe me $100.
He said, well,
here we go, here's
$100 for thanks for doing the
plumbing for us last week.
You really saved me,
because it would've
been a big disaster if the
pipes had burst and flooded
my whole freezer.
So the plumber says,
thanks very much.
He puts the money in his
pocket, and he gets his meat,
and he drives down the road.
He pulls into the garage to
fill the car with petrol.
And he sees the garage
owner comes out.
He says, hey, how's
it going, Bill?
How you doing?
He says, fine, excellent.
And the garage
owner says to Bill,
do you have the money
you owe me for fixing
your fender last week?
And the guys says, of
course, I'm sorry, man.
Sorry I forgot.
Here it is.
He gives the garage
owner the $100,
and he says, thanks very much.
I'm really glad that you
had the money on you.
And the garage owner--
what was his name?
Peter goes down the
road, jumps in his car,
and he drives his car down
the road, wherever he's going,
and he sees Sally,
the prostitute,
walk down the sidewalk.
And he says, hey,
Sally, how's it going?
And Sally says, hey,
Peter, how are you?
And Sally says, by the way,
have you got the $100 you owe me
for last week's service?
And Peter says, oh,
yes, Sally, of course.
I had a great time.
Here's $100.
And Sally is very happy,
puts the money in her pocket,
and she's walking
down the sidewalk when
she walks past the
hotel, at which point
she realizes that she owes
the hotel money for the room
that she rented
the previous week.
She walks into the hotel
lobby up to the front desk,
and there's the hotel
manager standing there.
And she says, hi, here's the
money I owe you for last week's
rental for the room.
And the hotel manager says,
thanks very much, Sally.
Lovely to see you.
And he takes the $100,
and he puts it down
on the counter, at which point
the traveling salesman comes
down from upstairs holding
the keys to the room
that he'd just inspected.
And he says to the hotel
manager, thanks very much,
I've checked the room out,
it's not really my style,
so I think I'll be moving on.
He hands over the keys, he takes
his $100 bill, and he leaves.
What has just happened?
Can you see the insanity
of this thing called
money-- pieces of paper that
we shuffle around for services
that we've performed that we can
actually do without shuffling
these pieces of paper?
So what is actually possible?
If you speed this
process up infinitely,
it means that we can pay all
the debts of the world with one
$100 bill.
If we speed this up
infinitely, this $100 bill
can go around so quickly that
we pay off everybody's debts,
and we realize how completely
insane and nonsensical
this concept of money is.
Think about this.
Every day, 7 and 1/2
billion people wake up,
and we do something.
We do so much.
We create, we
build, we transport,
we carry, we invent,
we grow things,
we dream, we paint,
we sculpt, or we
sing, we spin, we cook,
we dance, we make love.
We are capable of an
infinite number of things.
And yet, at the end of that day,
most of us cannot afford what
it is that we just
did that specific day.
And this is where
we realize how we've
been completely enslaved by
corporations and governments,
because most of what we do we
do for corporations, companies,
and governments.
And we don't have access to
what it is that we've just done.
That is completely an insane
concept, an insane idea,
an insane situation
of somehow, we've
allowed ourselves to be trapped
in, to be suckered into.
But now we know that
this is what's going on,
and we can get
ourselves out of this.
We can start doing all
of this for ourselves,
for our communities.
And this is exactly
what the Ubuntu
and contributionism philosophy
is all about-- starting
to do all the things that we are
capable of as living, breathing
human beings for ourselves.
Stop doing it for
corporations or others that
have enslaved us to do this
because they've got money.
Once we start doing this
for ourselves and not
for governments or
corporations, we'll
see how quickly we
can create abundance,
because we start doing it
together cooperatively,
in collaboration for the
benefit of human beings and not
corporations.
And everything
changes overnight.
Remember, it is not the love
of money, as many people argue.
And you will find if you start
talking to people about this,
when you start bringing
this up in conversation
around the dinner
table, which, I guess,
many people do, a lot of people
confront you and they'd say,
oh, it's just the love of money.
You know, money is not evil,
money is not the problem,
it's our love of money.
They are all wrong.
It's not the love of money,
it's the presence of money
that causes all these problems.
Money is the tool
of enslavement.
Money causes all the dark,
horrible things in our lives.
It causes people to
do things and behave
in ways that they
would never behave
if it wasn't for the money.
So please keep this in mind.
It's not the love of money.
It's purely the
presence of money
that causes all this horrible
stuff that we face in our lives
on a daily basis.
The only way out of this is
to simply remove the money.
Now that we know that
it is the money that
is used as a tool
of enslavement,
there's only one way
out-- remove the money.
And this is the most
liberating thought
that I must admit I've had in
the last 20 years of my life.
When you start thinking
about a world without money
and how everything changes,
how it doesn't make things more
difficult, it
actually liberates us
from the enslavement, when
we've gone through this process,
we all realize that this
is the only way out.
This is the way we get
rid of the control system.
As long as we have any form of
trade, or exchange, or barter,
we will constantly be enslaved,
because any form of exchange,
or bartering, or trading
is open to abuse.
And there will always
be people that'll
find a way to abuse
others by taking
control of that tool of
exchange, or bartering.
And this is why
we have to get rid
of any form or any tool that
could be related to money.
The moment you say, we're
going to remove money
from the system, something
interesting happens.
And the questions
start coming up,
because people go into
this, like, panic attack,
because they think removing
money from the system
means that we're not
going to have any money,
and we're not going to be
able to buy stuff, right?
So they think a world without
money means living in poverty.
No.
A world without
money means that we
are capable of doing
everything we want to do,
so that we have so much of the
stuff that we don't need money.
And we have an infinite
number of things,
because that's what
we are capable of.
We have abundance beyond
our wildest imagination.
But what's happened
over the last 11 years,
when I first started talking
about a world without money,
I've started receiving emails
from people all over the world.
And the fascinating
thing is that
out of millions of
problems that we
face in a world with money and
a capitalist-driven democratic
society, we think is so perfect,
in a world driven by money,
there are millions of problems
that our governments are
seemingly incapable
of solving with all
the money in the world,
all these problems
we face on a daily basis.
Well, isn't it ironic that,
after 11 years of promoting
a concept of a
world without money,
the same 13 frequently
asked questions come up.
Already, this tells us
that when we remove money,
all our problems disappear.
And people keep coming
up with only 13 problems.
This is what I've
filtered it down to,
because there are
obviously variety of things
that people come up with.
But ultimately, many of
them are just varieties
on the same problem, right?
So 13 problems that we have to
solve in a world without money
to live in paradise.
I think that's a good
prospect for success.
Removing money
from the system we
find ourselves in seems
to be an insurmountable
and something that we're never
going to be able to achieve.
Well, you'd be wrong.
And this is where
we start realizing
how simple the transition from a
money-driven, capitalist system
is, how simple it is to move
from a society driven by money,
and control, and capitalism
to a society driven by people
and their passion for life.
The transitional
phase is so easy.
And we're going
to go through this
and unpack this process
in the next episode.
But before we end
here today, I'd
like to remind you that moving
into a world without money,
where we create abundance,
where we work together
in cooperation
and collaboration,
where we support each other like
the cells in our body support
each other, even if we
diversify into different groups,
we still support each other,
because we are working together
for the greatest benefit of all
the people in our communities,
where we treat our
communities as the extension
of our families, where
we don't fear anybody,
because there's no
reason to fear anybody.
This is all moving into a
higher state of consciousness.
So we have to realize
that to move away
from this divided society that's
driven by fear and separation,
and a society that's been
manipulated and controlled
through the
divide-and-conquer principle,
to move away from that is, in
essence, moving into a higher
state of consciousness
and to embrace
a simple principle of
cooperation and collaboration.
The moment you remove money from
the system, everything changes.
Our whole reality takes on
a whole new perspective.
All the negative
and dark aspects
of our lives and our society
change for the better.
No crime, no envy, no
gluttony, no greed, no hording,
no hierarchy, and
especially no hunger.
No obstacles to any kind of
progress, because it's always
the money that
creates the hurdle
and is the obstacle to
progress in all of our lives.
Remember that bankers are the
people that tell us what we can
and cannot do.
We go to banks to take
loans to start something
we'd like to do, whether
you want to start a dance
studio, or a music studio, or
if you want to build a bridge,
or improve your home, or
whatever it is we want to do.
Most of us need to go
to banks to borrow money
to achieve and do things
to improve our lives.
So ultimately, bankers become
the people in our lives
that give us permission to
do what we'd like to do.
Well, that changes
overnight the moment
we remove money from the
system and everything
becomes possible.
How are we going to go from
this money-driven society
and transition into a
world without money,
and abundance and
prosperity for all
we'll discuss in
the next episode.